README.md, before:

This project will provide a library that can ingest HITSP C32's and ASTM CCR's and extract values needed to compute heath quality measures for a population. It will then be able to query over a population to compute how many people within a population conform to the measure.

Environment
-----------

This project currently uses Ruby 1.9.2 and is built using [Bundler](http://gembundler.com/). To get all of the dependencies for the project, first install bundler:

    gem install bundler

Then run bundler to grab all of the necessay gems:

    bundle install

The Quality Measure engine relies on a MongoDB [MongoDB](http://www.mongodb.org/) running a minimum of version 1.6.* or higher.  To get and install Mongo refer to :

	http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Quickstart

Testing
-------

This project uses [RSpec](http://github.com/rspec/rspec-core) for testing. To run the suite, just enter the following:

    bundle exec rake spec

Project Practices
------------------

Please try to follow our [Coding Style Guides](http://github.com/eedrummer/styleguide). Additionally, we will be using git in a pattern similar to [Vincent Driessen's workflow](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/). While feature branches are encouraged, they are not required to work on the project.

Commit message:

Updating with info about source code analysis

README.md, after:

This project will provide a library that can ingest HITSP C32's and ASTM CCR's and extract values needed to compute heath quality measures for a population. It will then be able to query over a population to compute how many people within a population conform to the measure.

Environment
-----------

This project currently uses Ruby 1.9.2 and is built using [Bundler](http://gembundler.com/). To get all of the dependencies for the project, first install bundler:

    gem install bundler

Then run bundler to grab all of the necessay gems:

    bundle install

The Quality Measure engine relies on a MongoDB [MongoDB](http://www.mongodb.org/) running a minimum of version 1.6.* or higher.  To get and install Mongo refer to :

	http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Quickstart

Testing
-------

This project uses [RSpec](http://github.com/rspec/rspec-core) for testing. To run the suite, just enter the following:

    bundle exec rake spec

The coverage of the test suite is monitored with [cover_me](https://github.com/markbates/cover_me) and can be run with:

    bundle exec rake coverage

Source Code Analysis
--------------------

This project uses [metric_fu](http://metric-fu.rubyforge.org/) for source code analysis. Reports can be run with:

    bundle exec rake metrics:all

The project is currently configured to run Flay, Flog, Churn, Reek and Roodi

Project Practices
------------------

Please try to follow our [Coding Style Guides](http://github.com/eedrummer/styleguide). Additionally, we will be using git in a pattern similar to [Vincent Driessen's workflow](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/). While feature branches are encouraged, they are not required to work on the project.
